It is important to understand the differences between different browsers in order 
to handle each in the way it is expected. So it is important to know which 
browser your web page is running in.
To get information about the browser your webpage is currently running in, use 
the built-in navigator object.
Navigator Properties
There are several Navigator related properties that you can use in your Web 
page. The following is a list of the names and descriptions of each.
S.No Property and Description
1
appCodeName
This property is a string that contains the code name of the 
browser, Netscape for Netscape and Microsoft Internet Explorer for 
Internet Explorer.
2
appVersion
This property is a string that contains the version of the browser as 
well as other useful information such as its language and 
compatibility.
3
language
This property contains the two-letter abbreviation for the language 
that is used by the browser. Netscape only.
4
mimTypes[]
This property is an array that contains all MIME types supported by 
the client. Netscape only.
5
platform[]
This property is a string that contains the platform for which the 
browser was compiled."Win32" for 32-bit Windows operating 
systems


6
plugins[]
This property is an array containing all the plug-ins that have been 
installed on the client. Netscape only.
7
userAgent[]
This property is a string that contains the code name and version of 
the browser. This value is sent to the originating server to identify 
the client.
Navigator Methods
There are several Navigator-specific methods. Here is a list of their names and 
descriptions.
S.No Method and Description
1
javaEnabled()
This method determines if JavaScript is enabled in the client. If 
JavaScript is enabled, this method returns true; otherwise, it 
returns false.
2
plugings.refresh
This method makes newly installed plug-ins available and 
populates the plugins array with all new plug-in names. Netscape 
only.
3
preference(name,value)
This method allows a signed script to get and set some Netscape 
preferences. If the second parameter is omitted, this method will 
return the value of the specified preference; otherwise, it sets the 
value. Netscape only.
4
taintEnabled()
This method returns true if data tainting is enabled; false 
otherwise.
